README.md, before:

# kaleidoscope app by Sapient Nitro

This is an app made to play around with technology. Nowadays the work of the web developer has become so complex and demanding, that in lots of cases, there is just few time left to play. In Sapient Nitro we believe that playing is an important part of the creative work. Therefore, we invite you into the journey through this simple app and learn with us in the commented code of this app.

## Technology used

- npm / node
- gulp
- Webpack
- ES2015 with babel
- Sass, postCSS
- ESlint
- jscrc
- RequestAnimationFrame
- webRTC
- Canvas
- Firebase to connect to Twitter
- VanillaJS

## Installation

If you don't have yet gulp installed, run:
``sh
$ npm install -g gulp gulp-cli
``

Then

``sh
$ npm install
``
*Note:*

This has been tested only on the latest version of node, therefore to build this app, you will need to have an up-to-date version of node.

If your version is old, having a new version of node will bring you great benefits, for example, it [supports already without any flag some features of ES2015](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/es6/)


## Development mode

### dev server with Webpack

``sh
$ gulp serve
``
*Notes:*
This will be served under: http://localhost:9000

### Create bundle for distribution

``sh
$ gulp build
``

Icons:
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.flaticon.com/authors/gregor-cresnar" title="Gregor Cresnar">Gregor Cresnar</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="_blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

http://www.flaticon.com/packs/multimedia-collection

Commit message:

Add note about https url in localhost
The server development server now works over https
that way the feature can be tested on a mobile
device directly

README.md, after:

# kaleidoscope app by Sapient Nitro

This is an app made to play around with technology. Nowadays the work of the web developer has become so complex and demanding, that in lots of cases, there is just few time left to play. In Sapient Nitro we believe that playing is an important part of the creative work. Therefore, we invite you into the journey through this simple app and learn with us in the commented code of this app.

## Technology used

- npm / node
- gulp
- Webpack
- ES2015 with babel
- Sass, postCSS
- ESlint
- jscrc
- RequestAnimationFrame
- webRTC
- Canvas
- Firebase to connect to Twitter
- VanillaJS

## Installation

If you don't have yet gulp installed, run:
``sh
$ npm install -g gulp gulp-cli
``

Then

``sh
$ npm install
``
*Note:*

This has been tested only on the latest version of node, therefore to build this app, you will need to have an up-to-date version of node.

If your version is old, having a new version of node will bring you great benefits, for example, it [supports already without any flag some features of ES2015](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/es6/)


## Development mode

### dev server with Webpack

``sh
$ gulp serve
``
*Notes:*
This will be served under: https://localhost:9000, with this you can test the feature in your phone
when connected on the same wifi

### Create bundle for distribution

``sh
$ gulp build
``

Icons:
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.flaticon.com/authors/gregor-cresnar" title="Gregor Cresnar">Gregor Cresnar</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="_blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

http://www.flaticon.com/packs/multimedia-collection
